docs: agentos agentui update [CON-89] (#265)
agno-agi/docs: agent-os/agent-ui/overview.mdx

The AgentOS only uses data in your database. No data is sent to Agno.
</Note>

> The Open Source Agent UI is built with Next.js and TypeScript. After the success of the [AgentOS](/agent-os/introduction), the community asked for a self-hosted alternative and we delivered!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built with Next.js and TypeScript, the Open Source Agent UI was developed in response to community requests for a self-hosted alternative following the success of [AgentOS](https://github.com/agent-os/introduction).
```
